NSS Wordpress Theme Install Notes:

This theme was not packaged for zip file delivery. There will be some work to do.

1. Add files to your server.

2. Select and install theme through the appearance admin panel

3. Setup of Pages for your navigation bar
	Home (no parent, default template)
	About (no parent, about template)
	Program (no parent, program page template)
	Community (no parent, community page template)
	Contact (no parent, contact page template)
	Blog (no parent, blog page template)
	Apply (no parent, apply now template)
	404 (no parent, 404 template)
	
4. Create people posts for theme. Images for people can be found at images/people 
	This information was NOT hardcoded. These are custom post types that will have to be
	populated 
	- Categories: You will need to add these categories to make sure that people images are sorted properly
	Instructors/Staff (slug = instructor-staff)
 	About (slug = about)
 	Classes  (slug = classes)
 	Course Content (slug = course-content)
 	Mentors (slug = mentors)
 	News (slug = news)
 	Student (slug = student)
	**make sure the slug matches the text above
	
5. Add two posts for the Classes category on the home page. Right now this is the only visible location
	for these posts unless you want to use the single blog post template for a more detailed view. The two buttons 
	are currently linked two the Apply Now page.
	
6. Settings
	Permalinks - select the post name option to make sure that urls are clean
	Plugins - Install all plugins in the folder (make sure you do this in the wp-content/plugins folder) 
	
7. Static page information will need to be updated in the html markup. Those pages are About, Program, Apply and Contact.
	Additional static info incldues: The home page slider and what we do, heading categories for community page above the images.

8. You can specify which person to show in the who we are section in the markup. Ex. I want the 4th persons picture to show then 
	I modify: &offset=1 to &offset=3 for the 4th post.

NOTE: If something breaks, we can fix it!  

Outstanding Items :
	Copy for static areas
	Image work for carousel and slider
	plugin cleanup
	
